Initial GUI updates for IML 6 (#212)
whamcloud/Online-Help: docs/Graphical_User_Interface_9_0.md

- **Host**: Server's clickable host name. Click it to jump to a detailed server view.
- **Boot time**: Last time the server was started.
- **Profile**: Currently either EXAScaler managed or monitored storage server. You define the profile when you add a server to the filesystem.
- **LNet**: Current Lustre networking service status, either Up, Down, or Unloaded.

[Top of page](#Graphical-User-Interface)

### <a id="10.2.1"></a>Server actions

There are several actions that you can perform on servers and related LNet in Servers view.

For any listed server, you can do:

- **Reboot**: Initiate a server reboot.
- **Shutdown**: Initiate an orderly server shutdown.
  - Note that with both reboot or shutdown, until the server is back online, HA capable filesystem targets fail over to a peer server or, if they are non HA capable, become unavailable.
- **Remove**: Remove the server, including dependent filesystem targets.
- **Force Remove**: (only if the remove command was unsuccessful) Remove the server record from the configuration database without contacting the server. This also removes all dependent filesystem targets without any attempt to unconfigure them.

>   - Note that after a forced removal, you cannot add the server to another filesystem until removing the management software from the server. To do this, contact technical support.

Reviewer: I don't think we want to encourage them to contact support for something like this. I feel like we have instructions on how to clean this up don't we?

You can additionally control the Lustre networking service:

- **Stop LNet**: Shut down the service and stop any targets running on the server.
- **Unload LNet**: If the service is up, stop it and unload its kernel module to ensure that it is reloaded before any targets are started again.
- **Load LNet**: Load the service's kernel module on the server.
- **Start LNet**: Start the service on the server.

There is also a linked host name for each server. Click it, and you will jump to a server-specific view with the same server and LNet actions. Alternatively, expand the list of servers on the left and click a server. Remember that you must be logged in to do this.

<a id="f11.2.1"></a>
![md_Graphics/server-details.png][f11.2.1]

[Top of page](#Graphical-User-Interface)

### <a id="10.2.2"></a>Server volumes

To see all volumes, for all servers, log in to the management interface, and then click **Management > Servers** on the top:

<a id="f11.2.2"></a>
![md_Graphics/server-volumes.png][f11.2.2]

Alternatively, expand the list of volumes for a server on the left:

<a id="f11.2.3"></a>
![md_Graphics/server-volumes-alt.png][f11.2.3]

> If there are a lot of volumes, the list is paginated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are a lot of volumes, the list will be paginated.
```

- **Warning alerts**: Marked with yellow color, these messages usually indicate that the filesystem is operating in degraded mode; for example, when a target fails over, high availability is no longer true for that target. A warning message marks a status change that has a specific **Begin** and **End** time. A warning is active at the beginning of the status change and inactive at the end of the status change; for example, a warning message may inform you that an OST has gone offline, and that message is active until the OST becomes operational again. Not all warnings necessarily signify a degraded state; for example, a target recovery to a failover server signifies that the failover occurred successfully.
- **Error alerts**: Marked with red color, these messages indicate that the filesystem is down or severely degraded, that one or more filesystem components are currently unavailable. For example, both primary and secondary servers for a target are not running. An error often has a remedial action you can take by clicking the button.

> Before you see an unresolved filesystem error or warning in the Activity view, this error or warning briefly pops up on the red bar across the page. Clicking **Details** on the bar will open the Status window and display the alerts.

Author: This red bar no longer exists. Instead we show browser level notifications on active alerts.

Reviewer 2: Replaced red bar alert references with browser-level notifications.
